#### Copyright (c) 2022 Marcus Mellor
# Platano Notes May 19 2022

## GTK Breakout (continued)
It's been a few days since I looked at this. Today I want to take a look at overall progress and see if it's time to call this task complete. That means I probably need to go ahead and make a PR on github too - let's begin with doing that.

Pull request drafted. It's now available to view on (github)[https://github.com/infinitymdm/platano-theme/pull/4]. I've given myself a checklist to complete too.

For today, let's start by renaming _common to _widgets as this more accurately reflects the file's contents.

* * *

As I work through replacing _common.scss with _widgets.scss, I'm noticing that some of the "main" theme files are essentially just settings with otherwise identical imports. I think I'll go ahead and replace those with a common import list (at least for GTK3 and up).

* * *

Ok, I think that probably did the trick. Let's push and test.

After some testing using a widget factory, things look great. No regressions are evident with a few minutes of testing. 

Next up is working on the _misc.sccs file. This one is almost as large as _common was, so it will probably take me a while.

* * *

That took me several hours, but it's finished. I split it out into a components folder, and renamed it to _components.scss. I think I've fixed all the places where it's referenced. Let's test and find out.

Looks like everything still works. That makes sense, because I didn't actually change any of the code. That leaves only two items on the PR to be completed: moving the xfce_notify stuff, and splitting the _common.scss for gnome-shell into modules.

The XFCE stuff should probably have its own flag, like MATE has. Budgie probably should too. So perhaps I'll put that off for now, and wait until I have a new build system first. That means I'm doing the gnome-shell stuff first, and postponing the other item.