#### Copyright (c) 2022 Marcus Mellor
# Platano Notes Apr 14 2022

## Introduction
Platano theme aims to be a modern replacement for Plata, with the same deep blacks and Material Design cues. I have a lot to learn if I intend to catch up with the work that tista500 has done here.

The reason for the name is a simple Spanish riddle I learned in school:
> *Oro parace; plata no es. ¿Que es?*

The answer is hidden within the second phrase of the riddle:
> ***platano** es*

Likewise, this theme is not Plata. This is Platano!

### Why make another theme?
The biggest reason I've started this project is because Plata has stopped working properly with Budgie, my desktop environment of choice. I took a look around for alternatives, but I kept coming back to the deep blacks that only Plata seemed to offer. The trend has been towards lighter shades of grey, and none of those seem to tickle my fancy. 

When Plata seemed as though it were going to disappear, I decided it was time for me to start contributing to help give it new life.

### What are the goals of this project?
I have a myriad of goals for Platano:
* Improve support for Budgie 10.X by fixing GTK3 issues
* Establish future support for Budgie 11 by preparing an EFL theme
* Tweak colors & borders *ever so slightly* to improve look & feel
* Offer true black support for OLED users (and whoever else wants that)
* Support GTK4 for GNOME users
* Moonshot: Material You / Material Design 3 compliance

## Accomplishments 04/14
Today I established a baseline for Platano. That includes updating some variable names for verbosity, changing names from "Plata" to "Platano", and building with solbuild to make sure there are no regressions. So far so good. 

I also moved from Gitlab, where the original Plata repo resides, to Github. This is simply a matter of preference, as I'm more familiar with Github's tools.

Tomorrow I'm hoping to start digging into all this Sass code and tweaking colors. I want to make sure things comply with the current Material Design standards, and also add a tinge of blurple to some of the greys. 

As a side note, there seems to still be an issue with the notification borders. Looks like they've reverted to the pre-patch state, where the borders are huge and the drop shadow is messed up. I'll have to take a look at that tomorrow too. 