#### Copyright (c) 2022 Marcus Mellor
# Platano Notes October 26 2022

Took a **long** break from this. It's high time to get back into it.

## Libadwaita
With the advent of GNOME 43, a bunch of apps got adwaita-ified. Nothing I can do about that. To help things look a bit more consistent though, I would like to round some window corners a bit. Personally, I've always felt that corners should be a tad rounder in Plata. Not as extreme as libadwaita, but a bit more than the squared-off look of original Plata.

To my eye, windows with rounded corners communicate a bit more "playfullness" than sharp squares, which communicate a more professional look. With Platano I'd like to land somewhere in between. Adwaita forces my hand to some extent here. They've gone so far off the deep end that I feel as though I'm obligated to round things off quite a bit more than they used to be. 

To further help with libadwaita discrepancies, I'm also going to add some color definitions so that Platano will match (at least in color) on both libadwaita and old-school gtk apps.

So now that we've got our goals for the day, let's get to work.

* * *

I added new build instructions for the libadwaita stuff. It produces a very basic css file for each theme variant. Unfortunately, for now users will have to manually copy this file from their desired variant folder into `~/.config/gtk-4.0/`, as GNOME decided *not* to detect the css file by default. 

... Unfortunately, testing reveals that the light and mixed variants currently look horrendous. I suppose I have a bit more work to do there. I think the issue is that I'm missing a color definition or two.

* * *

I've made a bit of progress now. Unfortunately, it looks like the libadwaita stuff is going to be more work than I anticipated. 
