#### Copyright (c) 2022 Marcus Mellor
# Platano Notes Apr 22 2022

## Budgie Breakout (continued)
First things first, I've decided that the work I'm doing isn't really about fixing notifications right now so much as it is about simplifying the codebase. As such I'm renaming my branch. 

The branch has now been renamed from fix-notifications to simplify-codebase. So that's taken care of. 

I've also moved the code for the icon_tasklist out of panel and into its own file. 

An idea I had today: don't use any selectors more specific than what budgie uses. That might help keep things maintainable.

Ok, now let's get to work.

### Reorganizing code
Let's establish an ordering for things. I want to make sure that mixins come first in my codebase. Budgie does this by having each module with a mixin in its own file, and then there's a main file that uses all the include rules. I think I'd like to do something similar.

* * *

I've now got things split out. So now I can begin the process of creating all the individual mixins and transferring things to the main file.

* * *
It is with great pleasure that I report that workspaces, panel, and borders have all been separated into mixins and are working correctly. It took me several tries to get it all right, but things seem to be in good shape now.

I'm pretty happy with the direction I'm going here. If I can get each module separated into a single, maintainable file that mostly consists of a single mixin, I feel that things will be going well. I've got a long way to go still, but I've made significan progress today. 

### Late Night Ramblings

On a final note before I call it a night, I need to make sure to remove most of the README tomorrow. I don't want anyone installing this before it's ready. I definitely want to call out the original Plata devs in a special thanks section though, as well as those on the Budgie matrix who have helped me, and the Solus devs who taught me how to do all this. 

And just one more thing - I need to make sure to round the corners on the raven applets! They look awful all squarey. Windows could use some slight rounded corners too. And notifications in raven should look similar to applets. 

On that topic, Raven might need a makeover in general. Material Design guidelines specify lighter colors should be used for elevation (at least in dark themes). Currently it's set up to have dark applets on a grey background, which just seems backwards to me. I might play around with that, but not for a while.